Add options for NonEq relaxation timescales as functions of N and T (#676)
CliMA/CloudMicrophysics.jl: docs/src/MicrophysicsNonEq.md

```
![](condensation_evaporation_ql_z.svg)

### Liquid and ice relaxation timescales as functions of number concentration

We also provide functionality to set the relaxation timescales of liquid and ice, ``\tau_l`` and ``\tau_i``, as functions of cloud droplet number concentrations ``N_l`` and ``N_i`` following [MorrisonGrabowski2008_supersat](@cite) and [MorrisonMilbrandt2015](@cite). First, we approximate average radius of droplets from mass and number:

```math
\begin{equation}
\bar{r} = \left( \frac{3q_c}{4 π N(T) \rho_c} \right)^{1/3} 
\end{equation}
```

where ``q_c`` is the mass of condensate and ``ρ_c`` is the density of the condensate (either liquid or water). Then, we calculate the relaxation timescale:

```math
\begin{equation}
\tau = \left( 4 \pi N_c D_v \bar{r} \right)^{-1}
\end{equation}
```

where ``D_v`` is the thermal diffusivity and ``N_c`` is the droplet number concentration of the condensate, either ``N_l`` or ``N_i``.

### Ice relaxation timescale as function of temperature through Frostenberg 2023

> We can also calculate ``\tau_i`` as a function of temperature using the [Frostenberg2023](@cite) parameterization. Namely, we approximate the concentration of ice cloud droplets as equal to the mean amount of ice nucleating particles for a given temperature using [Frostenberg2023](@cite): 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We can also calculate ``\tau_i`` as a function of temperature using the [Frostenberg2023](@cite) parameterization. Namely, we approximate the concentration of ice crystals as equal to the mean amount of ice nucleating particles for a given temperature using [Frostenberg2023](@cite): 
```

### Liquid and ice relaxation timescales as functions of number concentration

> We also provide functionality to set the relaxation timescales of liquid and ice, ``\tau_l`` and ``\tau_i``, as functions of cloud droplet number concentrations ``N_l`` and ``N_i`` following [MorrisonGrabowski2008_supersat](@cite) and [MorrisonMilbrandt2015](@cite). First, we approximate average radius of droplets from mass and number:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We also provide functionality to set the relaxation timescales of liquid and ice, ``\tau_l`` and ``\tau_i``, as functions of cloud droplet and ice crystal number concentrations ``N_l`` and ``N_i`` following [MorrisonGrabowski2008_supersat](@cite) and [MorrisonMilbrandt2015](@cite). First, we approximate average radius of droplets from mass and number:
```

```math
\begin{equation}
\bar{r} = \left( \frac{3q_c}{4 π N(T) \rho_c} \right)^{1/3} 
\end{equation}
```

> where ``q_c`` is the mass of condensate and ``ρ_c`` is the density of the condensate (either liquid or water). Then, we calculate the relaxation timescale:

Reviewer 2: `liquid or water`?

```math
\begin{equation}
\tau = \left( 4 \pi N_c D_v \bar{r} \right)^{-1}
\end{equation}
```

where ``D_v`` is the thermal diffusivity and ``N_c`` is the droplet number concentration of the condensate, either ``N_l`` or ``N_i``.

### Ice relaxation timescale as function of temperature through Frostenberg 2023

We can also calculate ``\tau_i`` as a function of temperature using the [Frostenberg2023](@cite) parameterization. Namely, we approximate the concentration of ice crystals as equal to the mean amount of ice nucleating particles for a given temperature using [Frostenberg2023](@cite): 
```math
N_i(T) = ln(-(b \cdot T)^9 \times 10^{-9})
```

>  ``\sigma^2`` is the variance, ``a`` and ``b`` are coefficients. The parameters defined in [Frostenberg2023](@cite) for marine data sets are ``\sigma=1.37``, ``a=1`` m``^3``, ``b=1``/C.

Reviewer 2: I only see `b` in the eq
